Remove usage of PHP alias in the Python client (#663)
cmu-delphi/covidcast: Python-packages/covidcast-py/docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

v0.2.2, October 10, 2023
--------------------

> - Remove usage of PHP alias in the Python client.
> - Use Python package-specific "user agent" string.
> - Mark :py:func:`_async_fetch_epidata` as deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New feature: Web requests now identify themselves with a `covidcast`-specific "user agent" string.
- Update: Now uses newer version of the `delphi-epidata` libarary.
- Bug fix: Removed usage of PHP alias endpoint for compatibility with new `delphi-epidata` version.
- Deprecated function: Private method :py:func:`_async_fetch_epidata` has been deprecated.
```
